What? You said the man you like is Zhan Shuai.
What's the problem?
I heard that Zhan Shuai Weijia is all over the world
The world surrenders
The woman who likes him shouts and hugs
Even the king wants to marry the princess to him
Do you think he has a crush on you?
Whether he likes me or not is his business
I like him is my business
What does it matter?
With all due respect
With your status and status
It's hard to see him in my life
Let alone marry him
I know. How else could it be a dream?
Do you want me to help you achieve this dream?
You help me achieve this dream
What do you mean?
Just let Zhan Shuai marry you
I really like to brag
And it's getting more and more outrageous
What role are you?
Let Zhan Shuai marry me
Look at your identity
I guess I can't even see Zhan Shuai's face
Then tell me a time.
I'll let Zhan Shuai meet you
Enough Allure
It's getting more and more outrageous
You think soldiers are waiters like you
He does what you want him to do
Don't eat this kind of cow in the future
Let the soldiers know
I guess I don't know how to keep it
Is there a possibility
I am the god of war